[Radar] Add DNS entry to glossary (#19836)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/radar/glossary.mdx

In some cases, a domain may be miscategorized. For example, a social media site might be categorized as "Shopping & Auctions". If you believe a domain is miscategorized, or a domain has not yet been categorized, please provide your suggested category using [this form](https://radar.cloudflare.com/domains/feedback) to bring it to our attention.

## DNS

The [Domain Name System (DNS)](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/dns/what-is-dns/) is a network service that is most commonly used to translate human-readable domain names into numerical IP addresses that computers can use to talk to each other.

> It's an essential Internet service, and is also used to lookup other network-related information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is an essential Internet service, and is also used to look up other network-related information.
```
